Add Kasm to Miscellaneous (#3994)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [IconCaptcha](https://www.fabianwennink.nl/projects/IconCaptcha/) - IconCaptcha is a self-hosted, fast, simple and user-friendly captcha for PHP. ([Source Code](https://github.com/fabianwennink/IconCaptcha-Plugin-jQuery-PHP)) `MIT` `PHP`
- [Jellyseerr](https://github.com/Fallenbagel/jellyseerr) - A free and open source software application for managing requests for your media library. It is a a fork of Overseerr built to bring support for Jellyfin & Emby media servers. `MIT` `Docker`
- [Journal](https://github.com/inoda/journal) - Simple journaling with encrypted entries and sharing capabilities. `MIT` `Ruby`

> - [Kasm](https://kasmweb.com/) - Streaming containerized apps and desktops to end-users. Examples include Ubuntu in your browser, or simply single apps such as Chrome, OpenOffice, Gimp, Filezilla etc. ([Demo](https://www.kasmweb.com/#demo), [Source Code](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-kasm/)) `GPL-3.0` `Docker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Kasm Workspaces](https://kasmweb.com/) - Streaming containerized apps and desktops to end-users. Examples include Ubuntu in your browser, or simply single apps such as Chrome, OpenOffice, Gimp, Filezilla etc. ([Demo](https://www.kasmweb.com/#demo), [Source Code](https://github.com/kasmtech)) `GPL-3.0` `Docker`
```
